Okay, another one to die
So why don't we gamble bigger?
What do you want to bet on?
If you lose
I won't let you cede land to pay compensation either
Just let the people of our country settle in Daxia at will
Let the people of Daxia meet anyone in our country
Kneel down
bow down
How about the first class of the enemy and the devil country in the generation?
What if you lose?
If my new Russia loses
Then we are willing to become a vassal country of Great Xia
It's a deal, Your Majesty, absolutely not
Princess Zhang grew up in the countryside
Can't even read
How can you play chess with a chess master?
If you lose
We shall be slaves and servants
Your Majesty, please think twice.
Yes!
Now all over the county are visiting guests, but they have to lead wolves into the house
bow down
Wouldn't it be that billions of people
Caught in the land of eternal doom
Your Majesty
Why don't you let the eldest princess admit defeat in this game?
Win two games first
Admit defeat in this game, maybe there is a compromise knife technique
Don't let the big man
Into dire straits?
Ministers
When I meet a woman
Will the hero dare to confront the enemy against justice?
Woman as man
Imperial court officials
But find someone else to set aside for yourself
Princess Zhang Xinglong and the country defeated me
No one can compare
Even if the truth admits that others are powerful
What's there to say?
I am big
People 1.40 billion
Like a sea of stars
How can we not win against such a small country?
You ministers are so ignorant